Conformity is defined as acting according to certain accepted standards. Nowadays, when one is a child, one is taught to behave in the same way as most other people so one does not get disapproval from society. It is 'right' on the surface, but it is actually hidden danger as showing in Civil Peace, The Lottery and Girl.

To begin with, conformity increases depression. Civil Peace, written by China Achebe, is a story about Jonathan Iwegbu who is a survivor from the Civil War in Nigeria. Jonathan goes to the offices of the Coal Corporation where he uses to work to find out what is what, then he sees "his fellow ex-miners...at the end of the day's waiting just slept outside the doors of the offices". Post-war life creates a feeling that forces survivors to blindly stay with other survivors that like them, so Jonathan's ex-miners surround themselves with depression and it ruins their chances of starting life again. At the same time, Jonathan discontinues his visits to the offices after few weeks, then uses old bicycle as a taxi and his children "picked mangoes...old them to soldiers' wives...and his wife started making breakfast akara balls for neighbours" 

Jonathan is not in conformity with other survivors and he opens up a bar soon with his family earnings.
Furthermore, conformity does not encourage resistance in personal life. In the encounter between Jonathan's family and a group of thieves, the thieves ask for 100 pounds and do not break in. If one has money stolen by thieves, one is taught not to resist. Likewise, Jonathan "heard all the neighbourhood noises die down one after another". When the thieves ask Jonathan to open the door, he raises the alarm "Police-o...Wake Up! Police-o!" It does not scare the thief away, but as a result, the leader wants to talk business.
Negotiation goes peacefully, at the end of this story, Jonathan gives only 20 pounds to the thieves and those money is ex-gratia payment he gets in the morning.

Conformity can create a dangerous society. The Lottery, written by Shirley Jackson, is a story about sacrificing the 'winner' of an annual lottery for the good of crops. According to Old Man Warner, "Lottery in June, corn be heavy soon" (Jackson) is the origin for the ritual.
Villagers carry on the old saying, because they are eager to get approval from society. The tradition has been discarded and what remains only is conformity, but here is no excuse for someone to conform to society when the outcomes harm others.
In addition, conformity leads to apathy. At the time of Bill Hutchinson wins the first draw, Tessie Hutchinson, his wife shouts to the host of the lottery, "You didn't give him time enough to take any paper he wanted...It wasn't fair". Tessie is the only villager who resists to this unjust tradition and protects her family, but lottery continues. Final round takes place within Hutchinson's family and all members show their blank paper except Tessie, so "Bill...went over to his wife and forced the slip of paper out of her hand. It had a black spot on it". Bill's behavior is 'acceptable' as he is one of the villagers, but it cannot be tolerated as he is a husband.

Recess Time

For various reasons, I believe that morning recess needs to be extended because it does not
allow students enough time to take care of their basic needs. Some people may disagree because they
feel that this will decrease instructional and learning time. However, I believe that a longer recess will
allow students time to drink water and go to the bathroom. Also, students will have time to play team sports. Finally, the most important reason is students will have enough time to eat their healthy snacks.
Consequently, I will argue that an extended recess benefits students' learning.
First, students need more time to leave to the bathroom and drink water. In fact, with a short
recess, students interrupt the teacher and other students when they leave during recess time. Also, when they do leave during class, they miss the lessons and the teacher's instructions. For example, a student on my project team left to the bathroom when the teacher was explaining how to do an activity; when he came back, I had to explain everything again to him and we did not have enough time to finish our project. Therefore, if students have a longer recess, they will have adequate time to drink water and go to the bathroom, and not miss the teacher's instructions.
Second, with a longer recess period, students are able to play team sports. In fact, students will
build and develop team skills by playing team sports. In addition, students can relieve stress and energize themselves. For instance, after a long period of work, students get bored and sleepy and they have a difficult time listening and following directions. However, after they have had time to unwind during recess, they are more alert and ready to learn in class.
So, to improve student attention in the classroom and build team skills, students need a longer recess to play team sports.
Third, students need more time to eat their nutritious snacks. Actually, when students are
hungry, they pay less attention to the teacher's instructions because they are thinking of food instead.
Furthermore, when students get hungry, they begin to fidget and disrupt others. For example, when I
am not able to eat my snack during recess and it is time to go to class, the last thing I am thinking about
is learning. Therefore, students need more time to eat their snacks during recess so that they can focus
more on the class instruction instead of their grumbling stomachs.
